[docs] Autocomplete is not showing options even though they exist (#21949)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Asynchronous.js"}}

> If the logic is fetching new options at each keystroke,
> using the current value of the textbox to filter on the server,
> you need to disable the built-in filtering of the autocomplete component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your logic is fetching new options on each keystroke and, 
using the current value of the textbox to filter on the server, 
you need to disable the built-in filtering of the autocomplete component:
```

Reviewer 2: Line 106 needs the trailing comma the be removed (or possibly moved before "and".
Possibly "is using" for clarity.

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

Author: Why do you need to indicate this? Doesn't the documentation show up in the same way? i.e. as formatted code

Reviewer 3: We try to explicit the format anytime possible. I recall trying to add a warning in case it's forgotten. I don't know if it's still in place.

Author: Good to know. Thank you for the explanation!
